RoboBird space adventure app（And "we", "our" or "this app" mentioned below.）is composed of main bodyThe companyThe network product that offers。 
The product name： RoboBird space adventure app 
Product category：app 
If you decide to use the services provided by our products, this agreement shall inform us how to collect, use and disclose the privacy of users. 

If you choose to use the services provided by us, you agree to collect and use the information related to this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve services. Unless otherwise stated in this privacy policy, we will not use or share your information with anyone.

Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, terms used in this privacy policy have the same meaning as our terms and conditions.Can be inRoboBird space adventure appIn the access。

1. Collect information

We collect some or all of the information you provide to us, as well as data about your use of the website and applications, but we will mainly use the collected data to provide you with satisfactory services and improve your use experience.

1.1 collection of equipment and technical information

We may collect the data you need to use our application, and we can maintain and analyze the functionality of the application and personalize the content of the application. 
We automatically get some information about your device, including IP address, country code, time zone session start/stop time; IDFVs, language; Network status (wireless, etc.), browser plug-in type and version; Platform, SDK version, timestamp; Technical device information (such as device model and name, operating system name and version, CPU information, storage size, screen size, firmware, application software API key identifier, push notification token). While this information (such as IDFV, IP address) may uniquely identify your device, this information does not personally identify you. Some legislation (such as the United States) can uniquely identify your device as a personal information processing device.

1.2 routine personal information collection

When using our services, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information (" personal data ") that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include but not be limited to:

Mobile phone number
Email address
Address details

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us: 
By email:shulutonggui1991a@163.com 
By link: 
By telephone:
